Upgrade Guide: Saga mapping syntax deprecation (#7980)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/9to10/index.md

}
```

### ConfigureMapping API deprecated

Starting from [NServiceBus version 7.7 Roslyn analyzers](/nservicebus/sagas/analyzers.md) have been introduced that analyze the code in sagas and make suggestions for improvements directly in the editor. As part of those analyzers fixers (NSB0004, NSB0018) have been provided to [simplify the mapping expression](/nservicebus/sagas/analyzers.md#saga-mapping-expressions-can-be-simplified) from

```csharp
protected override void ConfigureHowToFindSaga(SagaPropertyMapper<SagaData> mapper)
{
    mapper.ConfigureMapping<OrderPlaced>(msg => msg.OrderId).ToSaga(sagaData => sagaData.OrderId);
    mapper.ConfigureMapping<OrderBilled>(msg => msg.OrderId).ToSaga(sagaData => sagaData.OrderId);
    mapper.ConfigureMapping<OrderShipped>(msg => msg.OrderId).ToSaga(sagaData => sagaData.OrderId);
}
```

to look like this:

```csharp
protected override void ConfigureHowToFindSaga(SagaPropertyMapper<SagaData> mapper)
{
    mapper.MapSaga(saga => saga.OrderId)
        .ToMessage<OrderPlaced>(msg => msg.OrderId)
        .ToMessage<OrderBilled>(msg => msg.OrderId)
        .ToMessage<OrderShipped>(msg => msg.OrderId);
}
```

> In Version 10 the mapping expression using `mapper.ConfigureMapping<OrderPlaced>(...).ToSaga(...)` or `mapper.ConfigureHeaderMapping<OrderPlaced>(...).ToSaga(...)` is no longer supported. NSB0004 and NSB0018 analyzers use severity Error now but still offer the possibility to automatically rewrite the saga syntax with the provided fixers.

Author: ```suggestion
In Version 10 the mapping expression using `mapper.ConfigureMapping<OrderPlaced>(...).ToSaga(...)` or `mapper.ConfigureHeaderMapping<OrderPlaced>(...).ToSaga(...)` is no longer supported. NSB0004 and NSB0018 analyzers are merged into NSB0004 which uses severity Error now but still offers the possibility to automatically rewrite the saga syntax with the provided fixer.
```
